Enhance HIP VMM APIs with nHT fabric handle support (#6507)
ROCm/ROCm: docs/about/include/core-sdk-components-aggregated-changelog.md

    - `hipDrvMemDiscardBatchAsync` driver API variant of `hipMemDiscardBatchAsync`, using `hipDeviceptr_t` pointers. Mirrors `cuMemDiscardBatchAsync`.
    - `hipMemDiscardAndPrefetchBatchAsync` combines discard and prefetch in a single call, enabling the runtime to optimize data movement. Mirrors `cudaMemDiscardAndPrefetchBatchAsync`.
    - `hipDrvMemDiscardAndPrefetchBatchAsync` driver API variant of `hipMemDiscardAndPrefetchBatchAsync`, using `hipDeviceptr_t` pointers. Mirrors `cuMemDiscardAndPrefetchBatchAsync`.

> - Support for non-Host Transparent (nHT) fabric handles in HIP Virtual Memory Management (VMM) APIs, enabling efficient cross-device memory sharing over IFoE (Infinity Fabric over Ethernet). This allows peer devices to directly access shared memory without host staging, reducing data movement overhead and improving performance for multi-GPU and distributed workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for non-Host Transparent (nHT) fabric handles in HIP Virtual Memory Management (VMM) APIs, enabling efficient cross-device memory sharing over Infinity Fabric over Ethernet (IFoE). This allows peer devices to directly access shared memory without routing data through the host, reducing data movement overhead and improving performance for multi-GPU and distributed workloads.
```
